Added cert-controller for easy webhook cert generation (#319)
cybozu-go/coil: docs/setup.md

You can tweak optional parameters by editing [`kustomization.yaml`](../v2/kustomization.yaml) file.

- [Install `kustomize`](#install-kustomize)
- [TLS certificates](#tls-certificates)
  - [Generate certificates manually](#generate-certificates-manually)

>   - [Enable automatic certs generation](#enable-automatic-certs-generation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Enable automatic certs rotation](#enable-automatic-certs-rotation)
```

I think "generation" may be misleading (Coil only updates certificates).

- [Note on CRI runtime compatibility](#note-on-cri-runtime-compatibility)
- [Standalone egress](#standalone-egress)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Testing standalone egress](#testing-standalone-egress)
    - [Testing with Kindnet using IPv4](#testing-with-kindnet-using-ipv4)
    - [Testing with Kindnet using IPv6](#testing-with-kindnet-using-ipv6)

## Install `kustomize`

Follow the instructions: https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/installation/kustomize/

`kustomize` 4.1.3 is verified to work for Coil.

## TLS certificates

> Coil runs an admission webhook server, and it needs a self-signed certificate. You can either generate certificates manually or have Coil create them when it starts up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Coil runs admission webhook servers, and each one needs a self-signed certificate. You can either generate certificates manually or have Coil create them when it starts up.
```

Author: Done :)
